x	Adam Tariq Alder
x	Benjamin Thomas Ashton
x	Trax Kent Bagley
x	Lane T Barnes
x	Stephen P Beckstrand
x	Chase C Cheney
x	Jacob Gregory Clawson
x	Sean R Collings
x	Jonathan Udall Crandall
x	Leo Vincenzo Casalicchio Craven
x	Jake Michael Epperson
x	Thadeus Don Ferney
x	Austin Christopher Galura
x	Jonathan Gates
x	Jaren Sean Glenn
x	Caleb Allan Harris
x	Brandon K Hicken
x	Eathan Yves Hodgkinson
x	Nathan Lloyd Huntzinger
x	Erik R Johnson
x	Jackson J Miles
x	Gavin R Murdock
x	Carter Israel Parks
x	Ethan Payne
x	Spencer Wallace Perry
x	Marcus C Quincy
x	David Capelletti Rasmussen
x	Justin Samuel Reid
x	Jonathan P Scoresby
Vinny M Smith (Vinny)
x	Nick Parker Sorenson
x	Brock Brock Sponenburgh
x	Brandon Spencer Stone
x	Jordan D Taylor
x	Alex Troy Teeples
x	Andrew C. Ward
x	Dan W Watson
x	Joshua A Williams

